A freak animal killing machine
by moonlight.
Werewolves are badass.
We know how to bring these suckers
down. One of these right to the heart.
There's something wrong with me.
Really wrong. I need help.
- How much do you sleep?
- I don't.
- At all?
- It's his soul. It's gone.
So where is it?
Still in the cage
with Michael and Lucifer.
What was that thing?
It may have been an Alpha.
An Alpha?
The first one who spawned the others.
There's tons of lore about it.
Bring me creatures.
Aim high on the food chain, please.
- We ain't your employees.
- You are.
- You're a punk-ass crossroads demon.
- Was a punk-ass crossroads demon.
Now? King of hell.
I snap my fingers,
Sam gets his soul back.
Or I shove Sam right back in the hole.
Did he eat?
You gave him a bath, right?
Well, did you take him to the park?
And did he make
pee-pee and poo-poo?
Good. Tell him daddy loves him.
Be home soon.
What the-?
I know, Bobby,
but there's gotta be another way.
I don't know, keep digging.
- If Crowley thinks we're just gonna-
- Crowley thinks you're gonna what?
That Bobby Singer?
Give him a kiss from me.
- I'll call you back.
- Good news, boys.
I've got a job for you.
I'm gonna say this once.
Take your job
and shove it up your ass.
- Is that any way to talk to your boss?
- You're not my boss.
Dean, Dean. Been through this.
Quit clutching your pearls.
You've been working for me
for some time. Sam here, longer.
- We didn't know.
- Like that makes a difference to you.
You'd sell your brother for a dollar
right now if you really needed a soda.
- Look, I'm sending you-
- No.
Beg pardon?
I've done some shady stuff in my time,
but I am not doing this. No.
Ten quid says you will.
You like pain, Sam? You like hell?
You need to stop thinking of this
as some kind of deal.
This is a hostage situation,
you arrogant thug.
I own your brother.
Do you understand me?
Come on, Dean, smile.
It's not that bad.
Here's incentive:
You bag me a live Alpha...
and I'll give you little Sammy's soul
back with a cherry on top.
What, Alpha Vamp
not good enough for you?
Best mind where you poke your nose,
if you wanna keep it.
Your merry little hike up the food chain
starts here.
Businessman found dead in his car.
Chest ripped open, heart missing.
- Sounds like...?
- Werewolf.
No, it's not a full moon.
Werewolves turning on the full moon.
So '09.
He's right.
Samuel and I ganked one
about six months back on a half-moon.
Things have been out of whack
for a while now.
Yeah, I guess.
So it's settled then.
You bag the howler,
bring it home to papa.
See you soon, boys.
So the vic's a real class act.
Owned a bunch of slum-grade
apartments, a couple houses too.
So this is it?
This is what you're gonna do?
- What am I doing?
- Crowley.
He's so far up our asses
we're coughing sulfur.
But you,
you're just gonna work the case?
Well, he's got us
by the short and curlies.
What else are we supposed to do?
It's just, you know, man,
I'm working for a demon now.
I don't even know who you are. I just-
I just need a second to adjust.
Look, this is a crap situation,
I get it.
But, Dean, I'm still me.
Same melon, same memories.
I still like the same music.
I still think about Suzie Heizer.
- Biology class Suzie Heizer?
- Can you blame me?
Look, I know you don't trust me,
and I can't take back what I did.
But I'm going to prove it to you.
I'm still your brother.
How you doing?
Agents Holt and Wilson.
- Feds?
- Yeah.
What are the feds doing here?
Oh, we're specialists.
They call us in to answer the questions
of mouth-breathing dick monkeys.
So are you gonna
walk us through this, or...?
Dockworker.
Guy on the morning shift found him.
Chest ripped wide open.
- Same as the body in the car?
- Yeah, second one in two days.
Internal organs missing on both vics?
Like their hearts?
Looks like it, yeah.
- How'd you know?
- So this guy, he have any enemies?
Yeah, plenty, but I don't think
it was a wolf or possibly cougar...
that had a beef with the guy.
You do realize
these were animal attacks.
An animal out here?
Well, you think it came
for the sailing?
Morning.
You didn't sleep...
because you don't sleep.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- That's not creepy at all.
- Not like I can help it.
You gonna just lay there staring at me
or you wanna hear what I dug up?
All right. So we know that werewolves
are basically id gone wild, right?
I mean, whoever they hate,
they kill when they wolf out.
So I've been playing
Connect the Victims.
And?
And I think I found
a common denominator.
So come on.
Get the lead out, huh?
Let me get dressed, Robocop.
- Yes, can I help you?
- Is Cal Garrigan at home?
We've got questions we'd like to ask.
Yeah. Come in.
Honey, why don't you go play
in your room for a little while, okay?
Excuse the mess.
Please, sit.
- Can I get you guys anything?
- No, thank you.
- So Cal is your boyfriend?
- That's right.
- And where is he?
- Sleeping, I think.
Mind telling him "up and at them"?
He's got guests.
Yeah, of course.
Cal.
Lucky. Shh.
- These are agents-
- Holt and Wilson.
Morning-ish.
Hey. What's this?
You out late last night, Cal?
Just, you know,
a couple beers with friends.
- How many is a couple?
- I don't know. Three, four tops.
If all you had was beer,
then how come you're sweating vodka?
And it looks to me like you slept
in those clothes, am I right?
I don't know, I guess.
What you're saying is
you got blind drunk, blacked out.
Something tells me
this isn't the first time.
So, Cal, truthfully, who knows
what you've really been up to at night?
Look, what's this about?
We're investigating the death
of Ronald Garrigan.
My brother?
Sorry for your loss.
I thought that was
some kind of animal attack.
No love lost
between the two of you, huh?
Look, we had our differences, I guess.
You love your brother, of course,
but Ron had a lot of problems.
He was volatile.
Last time he was here,
you called the cops.
Yeah. Look, he came in here
all messed up, and he was yelling.
He shoved Mandy so I called the cops.
I don't see how that has to do-
Your landlord was found dead this week,
were you aware of that?
Saw it in the papers, why?
Well, you two are pretty far behind
on your rent, right?
He had sent eviction papers?
I'm sorry, that was an animal attack.
Funny enough, yeah,
both of them were.
So great, great. Yeah, guys.
What in the hell do you think
I had to do with them?
Just following procedure. Had to ask.
You two have a good day.
So Cal's a prince.
He doesn't know
where he was last night.
- Bag him now?
- No, we make sure.
Really?
Before we hand him over to a lifetime
of demon rape? Yeah, really.
Boy, Cal just doesn't know
when to quit.
Three scuzzy bars,
one scuzzy strip club...
a chili dog joint,
seven or eight nightcaps...
and now Scotches in the library.
I'm getting cirrhosis
just watching this.
Other than that, we got squat.
Let's just see.
Dude, sun's up.
This guy's still on two legs,
in theory.
He ain't wolfing out.
Well, not tonight, anyway.
Let's head back.
We can re-attack this in a couple hours.
Catch you later, man.
Lucky.
What are you doing?
Ohh. Ooh.
Lucky, that's enough.
Cal?
Typical.
Oh, Lucky.
Honestly, you are the only
decent boyfriend I have ever had.
Okay.
I'm gonna go out on a limb
and say that it's not Cal.
Masterful deduction, Sherlock.
I mean, a werewolf attack in daylight?
This whole thing is just weird.
Dogs and cats living together,
mass hysteria.
So you know this means
that we're down to one suspect, right?
I know.
I mean, Mandy is right at the deep end
of the vic pool.
Can you do it?
Do what?
Shove her in the trunk,
serve her up to Crowley.
Yeah, Sam. I can do it.
Hey.
You still feeling hot, baby?
Here, have some juice.
- It'll make you feel better.
- Okay.
Hey. See?
Lucky knows you're not feeling well
and he wants you to feel better.
He loves you, doesn't he?
There's a good boy.
You wanna squeak? Yeah.
Uh-oh!
- It broke off.
- Lucky, look what you did.
Next up on the Buffalo noon day news:
We'll talk to animal control
about the recent attacks.
But first, weather.
What, am I interrupting the morning
show? Come on, let's go for a walk.
Hey, is that blood?
Have you killed a bird again?
Bad dog.
- Okay.
- See you then.
- Bye.
Ma'am. Agents.
What are you doing here?
Nobody called you?
Called me about what?
I'm sorry, I just can't believe it.
I'm really very sorry.
Ma'am, I know this isn't the best time,
but we'd like you to come with us.
Why?
You think I have something
to do with this? With Cal?
Of course not.
Just got a few questions.
I's and T's, mostly.
I...
Could we do it later?
I'm afraid not.
Oh.
My kid has the flu.
And he was up all night.
Is there a neighbor who can watch him
while you're gone?
I'm sorry. Your boy was up all night?
- Yeah.
- And were you with him all night?
Um...
Well, I had half an hour of sleep,
maybe?
- Can I talk to your son?
- Why?
Yeah, what difference does that make,
Agent Holt?
Trust me. It's important.
Please?
Well, it wasn't her.
You don't know that.
- She's got an alibi.
- She's lying.
- You heard the kid. She's not lying.
- Fine. She still had time to wolf out.
Last werewolf was in bed with me,
and she wolfed out.
Don't make this personal.
Look, between this
and the daylight attacks...
something's not adding up.
I'm not gonna hand her over to Crowley
until we figure out what, understand?
Okay, okay. I understand.
You check Cal's crime scene,
see if we're missing anything.
I'll come back
and keep an eye on Amanda.
How about you go and I'll stay here?
Dean, I still know how to do my job.
I'm just gonna watch her, that's all.
Trust me.
Uh-huh.
It's gonna be okay, boy.
We gotta find a vet.
Hurry, hurry.
Hey!
Wait, wait, wait, mister.
Hey, mister, wait. That's my dog.
It's my dog.
Hey. Hey, it's me.
Well, I got bupkis here.
I definitely got something.
It ain't a werewolf, for one.
- Yeah? What is it?
- Skinwalker.
A skinwalker? As in-?
As in, the family dog
seriously needs a neuter.
Wow.
Haven't heard of a skinwalker in years.
I'm a little rusty on the profile.
You and me both.
I just got the lowdown from Bobby.
They can change anywhere, any time.
Skinwalkers infect you with a single bite.
Otherwise, they're basically
a werewolf cousin. Silver will drop them.
- They chow hearts like Snausages.
- You catch him?
Not exactly,
but I have some idea where he might be.
Hi, Lucky.
Bad dog.
First things first.
See this? This is silver.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Okay, time to go.
Now, we can either do this
the easy way...
or the hard way.
What? Soul or not, that's funny.
Well, I gotta tell you, Lucky,
you got us stumped.
I mean, why shack up with a family?
Is it a kinky thing?
Do you like to play with your food?
Roll over, Lucky. Speak.
- Go to hell.
- Already been, didn't agree with me.
So look,
how about I take this silver knife...
and I start carving some dog
until you behave?
You do what you gotta do.
Hang on, Sam.
Listen, you don't have to tell me
why you're with the family, I get it.
Oh, you do, do you?
You killed every threat
that came near them.
You care about them, in your own
whack-a-doodle kind of way.
It's obvious.
What I wanna know is, who was
that guy you were kibitzing with?
He a skinwalker too?
Look, I can't say anything.
But if you don't,
then you're gonna put the girl...
and the little boy in danger.
And sooner or later,
all this crap is gonna come for them.
Now, look,
we don't give a rat's ass about you.
We wanna help them.
That's our angle, that's it.
Yeah, that guy, he's a-
Whatever it is I am.
He's not the only one.
- How many are you?
- About 30.
We were all-
We were kind of recruited.
Recruited?
Yeah. Me, I was living on the streets.
They found me, they told me
one small bite I'd be strong, I'd be fast.
Sniffing people's butts,
that's a real step up.
Well, it was for me.
Where is this little Scooby gang
of yours?
They're everywhere.
We're out there finding families,
and once they take us in, we lay low.
Lay low? What the hell's that mean?
- Well, we're waiting for the word.
- What word?
Once we're settled, we get the signal
and we all turn on our families.
We change them, all in one night.
Thirty becomes 150.
God, you're a sleeper cell.
Yeah, well, that's one way to say it.
So you're waiting for word from who?
Who organized you?
- There's a pack leader.
- Your Alpha?
What's an Alpha?
The first skinwalker, the strongest.
Well, he's plenty strong,
but no, I don't think so.
There's guys like him in other towns.
We're not the only pack out there.
Fantastic.
Then you can help us stop him.
Oh, no, I can't. No.
- Yes, you can.
- No, you guys don't get it.
No one can. These guys who
turned me, they're ruthless.
Sam, not helping.
Fetch this, dick.
Listen to me.
What are you gonna do
to that family, really?
You gonna put your jaws
around that little boy's throat?
Clamp down?
Listen to him cry for his mom?
Because I'm gonna guess
that these are the only people...
who, in your pathetic life,
have ever showed you any kindness.
So it's either that
or you can help us stop it.
So how are we supposed to
get near something that can smell us...
a hundred yards off?
We don't.
The pack leader.
We're taking him down?
- Yeah, you got a better idea?
- No, I-
Crowley's not gonna be too happy.
Who gives a rat's ass?
We let that thing live one second...
and it sends out
that psychic dog whistle and:
On the other hand,
it could lead us to an Alpha...
then Crowley would give me
my soul back.
Are you kidding? A hundred and fifty
people turned into monsters.
- That's what you want?
- No, of course not.
I'm just asking.
You know what? That's it.
- What?
- You say you're just folks, huh?
That you like baseball
and apple pie or whatever.
The truth is, I don't know what you are,
because you're not Sam.
Dean, come on.
It's your gigantor body
and maybe your brain, but it's not you.
So just stop pretending.
It'd do us both a favor.
He looks nervous, right?
- Wouldn't you be?
- I'd double-cross us.
He's gotta realize that's his best bet
if he wants to keep breathing.
No, he'll go through with it.
- You mean because he loves that family?
- Yeah.
I'd double-cross us.
Thanks, Dexter, that's reassuring.
I was just making conversation.
Here we go.
The big guy, the driver.
That's the guy Lucky met in the park.
And there's el jefe.
- Take him out.
- It's not clean.
And we got one shot at this, literally.
- Take the shot.
- I'm trying.
- She's in the way.
- Take it anyway.
Come on, come on.
- So plan B?
- We've got one?
Please, whatever you want,
just please let my son go.
Look, man, there's nothing I can do.
The boss, he's pissed.
These murders that you've been doing,
you didn't ask for permission.
You're gonna screw up
the whole plan.
- I tried to warn you.
- I know, I'm sorry.
There's been a mistake.
This has got nothing to do with us.
It has everything to do with you,
sister.
- So are you with us or not?
- Yes, of course I am.
Fine, prove it.
Turn them, now.
Both of them, while we watch.
- Or I'll kill you all.
- Oh, my God.
What is that?
- Mommy.
- It's okay.
- Mandy, come on. Come with me.
- Who are you? I don't even know you.
Yes, you do.
Trust me, I'm trying to help. Come on.
Hey.
- Get in.
- But I don't-
Bolt it. Bolt it.
Here, baby, go in here.
Okay, stay there, honey,
you'll be safe.
You're protecting them?
After what I did for you?
I gave you your life back.
But them?
You're nothing to them.
You're a dog.
I was gonna turn them,
but now I'm gonna kill them.
Lucky?
So you think
this is gonna be a dog fight?
I got a better idea.
Silver bullet, Lucky.
Hi.
I'm not here to bother you, I just...
I just wanna say one thing.
You and Aiden,
you're the only family I ever had...
and I know that sounds-
I know...
I know what I am, it-
It's just that no one's ever been
so nice to me before.
So-So thank you.
Get away from this house,
you psycho.
And if you ever, ever come near me
or my son again, so help me...
I know I probably deserve-
I'll never look at a dog the same.
- Makes you wonder though, huh?
- What?
How many packs are out there.
What if they're all just waiting
for the signal, you know?
So I was thinking, you were right.
- About?
- I'm not your brother. I'm not Sam.
Okay.
All that "blah, blah, blah"
about being the old me?
Crap.
Like Lisa and Ben, right?
I've been acting like I care about them.
But I don't. I couldn't care less.
Is this supposed
to make me feel better?
You wanted the real me, this is it.
I don't care about them.
I don't even really care about you,
except that I need your help.
You're clearly not gonna stick around
for longer...
unless I give it to you straight, so...
I've done a lot worse than you know.
I've killed innocent people
in the line of duty...
but I'm pretty sure it's not something
the old me could have done.
And maybe I should feel guilty,
but I don't.
Sam, get to the punch line.
Look, I don't know
if how I am is better or worse.
It's different.
You get the job done
and nothing really hurts.
That's not the worst thing.
But I've been thinking.
I was that other Sam for a long time,
and it was...
It was kind of harder.
But there are also things
about it I remember that...
Let's just say, I think
I should probably go back to being him.
That's very interesting. It's a step.
So?
We do what we gotta do...
and we get my brother back.